Top Stories from Your Feed
Your Quora Digest

-----


Question: On what grounds does a restaurant prohibit people from bringing their own food?

Answer from Kent Fung
On the grounds that it's their restaurant and not yours, and therefore they can literally tell you to get the hell out for whatever reason they want, with the specific and finite exceptions involving reasons that boil down to "because you are a member of a protected class."

A restaurant could literally tell you to get out because you're too ugly to be eating there. Or because they don't like your
Read More: http://www.quora.com/On-what-grounds-does-a-restaurant-prohibit-people-from-bringing-their-own-food#ans11850015
-----
Question: Is it against the law in the United States for people to grow their own food in their own backyards?

Answer from John Burgess
Under some circumstances. If you're talking about a typical suburban backyard, then unless your "food" consists of particular crops forbidden by law (e.g., no marijuana for your hash brownies in New York) or covenant, there are generally no laws forbidding it. You cannot grow a crop that is forbidden in the US nor can you -- without government inspection -- bring in plants from abroad and just sta
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Is-it-against-the-law-in-the-United-States-for-people-to-grow-their-own-food-in-their-own-backyards#ans11683058
-----
Question: What will happen to me if I eat a cockroach?

Answer from Andy Hu
If you eat a wild cockroach without cleaning it or cooking it, here is what you can expect:
1. A nasty smell: Cockroaches can secrete a substance that can give a long lasting offensive smell
2. A chance of getting sick: Cockroaches themselves aren't dirty, but wild cockroaches sometimes feed on human feces, and might carry other pests like parasites and fleas which can cause harm when ingested.
3.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-will-happen-to-me-if-I-eat-a-cockroach#ans11658846
-----
Question: Is it safe to put a Wi-Fi modem in your bedroom?

Answer from Kelly Martin
There's a small risk that either the modem or its power supply will overheat and catch on fire. If this fire should spread to your bed while you're sleeping in it, you might die.

If you place the modem, its power supply, or any related cabling in an inopportune place, you might trip over it while stumbling to the bathroom at 2:30am, hit your head on the wall, and die.

The blinky lights on the de
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Is-it-safe-to-put-a-Wi-Fi-modem-in-your-bedroom#ans11844560
-----
Question: Do fast food workers take advantage of chubbier customers by offering them sides and extras?

Answer from Rebecca Mary
As a former fast-food worker, everyone is offered sides and extras. 

There might be an argument about whether larger people are more likely to be susceptible to offers for food they don't really want etc etc, but there is no sneaky plot about who should be offered sides.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Do-fast-food-workers-take-advantage-of-chubbier-customers-by-offering-them-sides-and-extras#ans11576375
-----
Question: Why are some people so crazy about Ferrero Rocher candy?

Answer from Matt Wasserman
Because Americans generally know very little about chocolate. Ghirardelli adds extra paraffin to the same old cheap chocolate and makes half the country think it's the best ever. Anything even halfway decent, like Dove or Lindt, gets sold for premium prices. And don't even get me started on Hershey and Mars. 

Basically it's Starbucks Syndrome. Sell something bad but use marketing to make it aspir
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Why-are-some-people-so-crazy-about-Ferrero-Rocher-candy#ans9284917
-----
Question: From where do Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Mark Zuckerberg get their intelligence?

Answer from Jithin Rajiv
“When you grow up you tend to get told that the  world is the way it is and you're life is just to live your life inside  the world.  Try not to bash into the walls too much.  Try to have a nice  family life, have fun, save a little money.  That's a very limited  life.  Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact:   Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that
Read More: http://www.quora.com/From-where-do-Elon-Musk-Steve-Jobs-and-Mark-Zuckerberg-get-their-intelligence#ans8817167
-----
Question: What is the fifth dimension?

Answer from Sherif Kandeel
Let's start by talking about our known 3 dimensions: X,Y,Z they're all spatial dimensions, meaning they define the space objects can exist in, because no matter how small or big the object is, it's going to have width, depth and height. Even if one or more of them is super small, like an atom, it can be imagined as a sphere having a diameter and space taken by it.

Now we can imagine that atom in 
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-is-the-fifth-dimension#ans7914807
-----
Question: For libertarians: If the market is so great, how come most of the best healthcare systems in the world are heavily influenced by the government (and there are precious few, or none, examples of an efficient and fair 'free market' healthcare system)?

Answer from Rob Weir
The logical flaw is to cherry pick examples that you favor, draw a box around them, and call it a "system" and treat it as if it as self-contained and independent.

Take Canada, for example.  Outside of the box you draw, but still relevant, are factors such as:

 * immigrant doctors, educated elsewhere but drawn to Canada fro their home country, perhaps for unrelated factors, like escaping politic
Read More: http://www.quora.com/For-libertarians-If-the-market-is-so-great-how-come-most-of-the-best-healthcare-systems-in-the-world-are-heavily-influenced-by-the-government-and-there-are-precious-few-or-none-examples-of-an-efficient-and-fair-free-market-healthcare-system#ans11883863
-----
Question: What things can you do in Israel that you cannot do in the USA?

Answer from Natan Gesher
 * Eat delicious hummus.
 * Tell your boss that he's an idiot and he's running the company into the ground, and still have a job the next day.
 * Show up to a wedding in blue jeans and sandals.
 * Casually walk around the market on a Friday afternoon with random people carrying M-16s all around you.
 * Celebrate "the holidays" in September and have the whole country celebrate with you.
 * Be invit
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-things-can-you-do-in-Israel-that-you-cannot-do-in-the-USA#ans2560159
-----
