Top Stories from Your Feed
Your Quora Digest

-----


Question: What should I do with 3,000 dollars?

Answer from Chris HolmesParker
Become a multimillionaire by age 40. This is what your path looks like: 
i) Keep the $3k safe for now...:Take your $3000 that you have now. Continue saving. Work hard, pinch pennies. Save. Put the $3000 in a CD (6 months at a time is my recommendation) to ensure that you don't touch it! CD = certificate of deposit, you do this with a bank. It is essentially a low-interest savings account where you
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Personal-Finance/What-should-I-do-with-3-000-dollars#ans11582250
-----
Question: What do Americans eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner?

Answer from Susie Snortum
Our diets vary dramatically based on region, economics, dietary requirements, and personal taste. I suspect we have more choices than most people in the world.

Breakfast - cereal consumption used to be huge, but is slowing down. Most working people, being rushed, choose fruit and yogurt smoothies or a breakfast sandwich (with egg, sometimes ham and/or cheese), toast or a bagel, or some kind of co
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-do-Americans-eat-for-breakfast-lunch-and-dinner#ans8239989
-----
Question: Why didn't the United States conquer China?

Answer from Dan Holliday
I feel like there are four reasons:

ONE -- This is going to come as a surprise to hear to many of you but the USA generally loathed European style Imperialism.  This statement might leave some of you cross-eyed and there's a fine hair to split here that is worthy of digging in to another time.  Per American attitudes:  The USA was a colonized nation who threw off the shackles of an imperious over
Read More: http://www.quora.com/U-S-Foreign-Policy/Why-didnt-the-United-States-conquer-China#ans3559472
-----
Question: What things can you do in the USA that you cannot do in Germany?

Answer from Christopher Webb
Live completely rent-free in an RV in the middle of nature on the vast public lands, such as national forests, where you are allowed to stay anywhere you like.



My own grandparents happily did this for a few years after they retired and finally got to see most of the country.  I saw whole communities of people living this way during a winter trip to the New Mexico desert a few years ago.  The si
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-things-can-you-do-in-the-USA-that-you-cannot-do-in-Germany#ans9297512
-----
Question: What do Chinese citizens, particularly the young adults, think about events such as the June 4th Incident (aka Tiananmen Square massacre) when information around it has been so heavily censored?

Answer from Kirk Wu
I think I qualify as a young Chinese (hopefully, approaching my 30s), and I feel like throwing in my 5 cents about the event here if it is of any value at all.

As a Beijing-native, I was 3 years old when June 4th took place, my mother was a demonstrator who later went through re-education for a year - fortunately nothing else. Some of my other family members also joined the effort to block milita
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-do-Chinese-citizens-particularly-the-young-adults-think-about-events-such-as-the-June-4th-Incident-aka-Tiananmen-Square-massacre-when-information-around-it-has-been-so-heavily-censored#ans4133732
-----
Question: Should the world leave North Korea alone?

Answer from Christian Bergland
Moral relativism has its limits, and North Korea runs right past those limits when it:

 * Promotes a belief in tainted blood, wherein children are born into prison camps thanks to their parents' or grandparents' misdeeds, with little to no knowledge of why they are there.  
 * Sees its leaders hand pick the most beautiful women in the country to serve in their harem, until they get too old and ar
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Should-the-world-leave-North-Korea-alone#ans11440236
-----
Question: What is the difference between a pizza cooked in a wood burning/brick oven vs a normal one?

Answer from Scott Paglia
The difference is between ethereal immortality and pedestrian bread seasoned with ignominy. 

Wood burning ovens achieve a couple of dramatic effects: 
 * Very high temperatures
 * Reduced cooking time
 * Thermal drafts in the oven from live wood create a natural current of warm air much like a convection oven so the pizza is cooked very evenly (this assumes that you use an actual, well designed w
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-a-pizza-cooked-in-a-wood-burning-brick-oven-vs-a-normal-one#ans11639133
-----
Question: If the food here in Italy is so much better why are there fewer obese people than in the USA?

Answer from Mattia Campagnano
Several reasons:
1. Meals are leaner. Italian cuisine is based on less fattening ingredients than in the U.S. I live in America and here it's nothing but meat, potatoes and fat stuff. In Italy I grew up with bread, olive oil and pizza. We have lots of seafood, too.
2. Servings in Italy aren't so huge as in the U.S. and we don't even know what a doggie bag is, even because it's considered to be ext
Read More: http://www.quora.com/If-the-food-here-in-Italy-is-so-much-better-why-are-there-fewer-obese-people-than-in-the-USA#ans9518921
-----
Question: What happens if I tell my lawyer I killed someone and he tells the police?

Answer from Kelly Martin
Your lawyer gets disbarred and your new lawyer moves to have the evidence against you suppressed and sues your old lawyer (on your behalf) for malpractice for having breached the attorney-client privilege [ http://www.quora.com/Attorney-Client-Privilege ].

You'll probably be prosecuted but, unless the police can find independent evidence of your guilt that isn't "fruit of the poisonous tree" of t
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-happens-if-I-tell-my-lawyer-I-killed-someone-and-he-tells-the-police#ans11459693
-----
Question: Are people serious when they eat gold?

Answer from Joshua Engel
Yes, it's safe. Gold is highly nonreactive; that's why it doesn't tarnish. It will pass right through your system without affecting anything. 

And no, you won't see it on the far end. That's because there's so little gold on there. One great thing about gold is that it can be pounded practically atom-thin. The amount on that burger is far less than a gram of gold. Its market value is a few bucks,
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Are-people-serious-when-they-eat-gold#ans10416121
-----
