Top Stories from Your Feed
Your Quora Digest

-----


Question: How will China overtaking the United States as the country with the highest GDP affect the two countries?

Answer from Pak Huide
Not at all.

Its the year 1894, when Queen Victoria was Empress of the UK and Benjamin Harrison was the American president. Britain was than the greatest empire the world has yet known, ruling over one fifths of the globe. America was busy driving off the natives from its Western frontier. 

Yet, this is the year that America's GDP surpassed the UK's.

What changed?

Nothing. A nation's prestige r
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-will-China-overtaking-the-United-States-as-the-country-with-the-highest-GDP-affect-the-two-countries#ans12003728
-----
Question: Would any medieval food be considered tasty to modern people?

Answer from Keith Patton
No.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have prepared food from recipes dating back hundreds of years of English cuisine.&nbsp;&nbsp; The important thing you must remember is that there was no refrigeration, and little understanding of food preservation.&nbsp; Meat was a luxury too.&nbsp; Those living by the coast got fresh seafood, but those living inland relied on grains for a large part of their diet, supplemented b
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Would-any-medieval-food-be-considered-tasty-to-modern-people#ans11958005
-----
Question: What is the most misspelt word in the English language?

Answer from Kiran Kumar Reddy
I have noticed this mistake very frequently in written English, even from very well read people. In spoken English, it's difficult to make out whether the person saying it is actually meaning the correct word :)

1. Everyday
2. Every day (with a space between Every and day)

Everyday and every day are commonly confused in English. There’s no difference in pronunciation, but using the wrong one whe
Read More: http://www.quora.com/English-language/What-is-the-most-misspelt-word-in-the-English-language#ans9158456
-----
Question: What are some things that good cooks know, but other people don't?

Answer from Bruce A McIntyre
I'll cover a couple of things otherwise missed.

1. Never put good cookware or knives in a dishwasher, even if the directions say that the cookware is dishwasher safe. Also, NEVER take hot cookware directly from the stove to the sink. The sudden change in temperature will surely warp the pans and they will never sit flat again.
2. Always keep knives sharp, a sharp knife is a safe knife. Get a good
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-things-that-good-cooks-know-but-other-people-dont#ans11649449
-----
Question: What can a person with an IQ of 160 do that a person with an IQ of 100 cannot? Are certain things fundamentally unlearnable/undoable like IQ claims? How can this be overcome?

Answer from Peter Flom
There are no absolute rules with regard to human abilities and outcomes. But there are some tendencies.

People with very high IQs (e.g. 160) will generally have an easier time with academics; they will understand more in less time than others. They will make connections that others miss.  

Let's take Isaac Asimov, for example.  When he was 5 or so, he was waiting for his big sister at school.  H
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-can-a-person-with-an-IQ-of-160-do-that-a-person-with-an-IQ-of-100-cannot-Are-certain-things-fundamentally-unlearnable-undoable-like-IQ-claims-How-can-this-be-overcome#ans10021690
-----
Question: Why is Outback Steakhouse Australian-themed?

Answer from John Burgess
Marketing and marketing only. The food has nothing to do with Australia.

Americans have a generally positive view of Australia and Australians --  thank "Crocodile Dundee" or curse him. Australia is exotic, but not too exotic... they speak a form of English, after all. All sorts of positive imagery can be conjured up about Australia, so it makes a very successful hook to capture customers.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Why-is-Outback-Steakhouse-Australian-themed#ans11628484
-----
Question: Why does my dog eat cat food instead of dog food?

Answer from Matt Wasserman
Because the cat won't eat dog food. 

Our pets are, for the most part, not stupid. If Fido knows he's only going to get fed twice a day, every day, eating the cat food is a way to get more food. He eats the cat food and his dog food is still there. The cat will bitch and moan but won't eat the dog food, because dog food sucks and cats are like that.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Why-does-my-dog-eat-cat-food-instead-of-dog-food#ans11991207
-----
Question: Is it okay to send a hungry child to bed?

Answer from Lynn Wright
I like Peter Flom [ http://www.quora.com/Peter-Flom ]'s answer.  He's right, but he didn't say one thing.

It is OK to send children to bed if it is because they are choosing not to eat.  It's wrong to try to force children to eat because you think they are hungry or they don't like the food choices you have given them.  Parents need to know this.

My own children rank up there as some of the worl
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Is-it-okay-to-send-a-hungry-child-to-bed#ans11596268
-----
Question: How would you rate Emilia Clarke as an actor?

Answer from Kelsey L. Hayes
She has three facial expressions: 

1. Mile-long vacant stare when she's trying to look ethereal.


2. Crazy face.


3. Smug smirk face.


Occasionally you'll see glimpses of "Oh shit I don't know what I'm doing" or a smile of some sort, but most of her expressions fall on the spectrum of those three above.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-would-you-rate-Emilia-Clarke-as-an-actor#ans5771963
-----
Question: How can I convince my 18-year-old son to cut off his pony tail?

Answer from Kent Fung
Pay him.  Seriously: throw increasingly larger numbers at him until he says yes. If you offer to pay him a big enough sum, he'll cut it off. And if you're not willing to pay him what it takes, maybe it's not as big of a deal to you as you seem to think it is, or maybe it's a bigger deal to him than you realized.

And then maybe you should consider butting out.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-can-I-convince-my-18-year-old-son-to-cut-off-his-pony-tail#ans11199615
-----
