Top Stories from Your Feed
Your Quora Digest

-----


Question: What do people in English-speaking countries think of the Chinese accent?

Answer from Xian Kehuan
My foreign teacher talked about this once. Here is what she said: 
Throw away your worry about your accent. Just speak English clearly. That's all you should do. That's all native speakers care when they are talking to you. That's all a language for - communication.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-do-people-in-English-speaking-countries-think-of-the-Chinese-accent#ans11488805
-----
Question: If World War One and Two had never happened what would the world be like now?

Answer from Jon Mixon
Let’s see:

1. There would have been numerous smaller wars in Europe, even today. - Both world wars are what it took to convince Europe that its centuries of warfare really were unsustainable. Without them, Europe would remain the seething cauldron of ethnic and racial hatred that it was just after the turn of the 20th century.
2. Europe would have colonized The Levant, Palestine and portions of A
Read More: http://www.quora.com/If-World-War-One-and-Two-had-never-happened-what-would-the-world-be-like-now#ans9053041
-----
Question: What are statements that 5-year-olds make?

Answer from Adriana Heguy
When my kids were little we took them to see Jurassic Park II. I thought, what could be wrong with a dinosaur movie? But at some point, there was a scene where two tyrannosaurs, male and female, cooperatively hunt down a lawyer (I'm not making lawyer jokes here!); they catch him and fling it in the air, and one grabs one part of his body, the other some other part, and you hear a ripping sound as 
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-are-statements-that-5-year-olds-make#ans2426971
-----
Question: What are some things that are not true in Japan, but frequently shown in anime?

Answer from Martin Schneider
This might get a bit random, but oh well. 
Let's see what comes to mind.

Unlike in anime...
 * ... for the most part, students are not using "relaxed speech" when talking to teachers or other authority figures. Any exceptions depend on specifically nice teachers or the occasional deliquent/drop-out who doesn't even care. 

 * ... Japanese miko [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miko ] are not some so
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-things-that-are-not-true-in-Japan-but-frequently-shown-in-anime#ans8018415
-----
Question: Do you really think we need to switch off mobile phone while airplane takes off?

Answer from Matt Wasserman
If cell phones could cause plane crashes just by being on or in use, they wouldn't be allowed on airliners. Period. Your iPhone would wind up in a bin behind the TSA checkpoint, unless you decided you'd rather not fly that day.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/Do-you-really-think-we-need-to-switch-off-mobile-phone-while-airplane-takes-off#ans11401541
-----
Question: How do I make money online?

Answer from Niket Kedia
Without digressing too much, let me come straight to the point, yes you can make a million rupees online and that too during college years.
 * Blog: Come on, what were you expecting? That I will tell you about some hidden treasure? Almost everyone has heard that you can make money off blogging but what are the key things to remember. Start a blog today; write at least two-three posts about a niche
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-do-I-make-money-online-7#ans8066588
-----
Question: How can one become part of the 1%?

Answer from Amar Essa
I was homeless and had 3k to my name , 2 years later I had $1m , simple rule:

Make a rich person richer and take your cut



Thats all you have to do

In response to the message of how I did it:
First of all I am dyslexic so hate writing alot and cant spell as you can see so ill be brief and to the point.

I was broke and worked as a painter decorater at a relatives flat which gave me a place to 
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-can-one-become-part-of-the-1#ans11084744
-----
Question: How do you hunt a sniper?

Answer from Daniel Kearns
Depends on how well trained he is.  Depends on what resources you have available.

If you have an M9 pistol, and you have reason to believe that a sniper graduate of the US Marine Corps Scout Sniper School, or the US Army Sniper School is operating in your area, you best bet would be to put that M9 pistol to your head and pull the trigger. It will save you from minutes or hours of dreadful apprehe
Read More: http://www.quora.com/How-do-you-hunt-a-sniper#ans2279947
-----
Question: What are some automotive hacks?

Answer from Derek Pangallo
Have you ever been in a car and not known which side the gas tank was on? Never again. Most vehicles have an arrow on the gas gauge (by the little gas pump icon) indicating which side the tank is on. In the case below, it's on the driver's side.

"Driver's side" of course presumes you're in a left-hand drive vehicle, as in the U.S.
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-automotive-hacks#ans1449628
-----
Question: What is a good fitness plan for someone who is extremely busy?

Answer from Jordan Phoenix
The exercise program I use takes only twelve minutes per week, hits all of the major muscle groups, and does not require a gym membership. 

Holy time management, Batman!

I can send you all of the secrets to my ultimate system right now for just $19.99, plus shipping and handling! Pick up the phone and order today!

Just kidding. I threw that in there to acknowledge the fact that it works so well
Read More: http://www.quora.com/What-is-a-good-fitness-plan-for-someone-who-is-extremely-busy#ans3250564
-----
