Dear Michelle,Prof. Teng,

 

I have informed all the students to log in the online class and submit their homework on time. 

 

And I have scanned the online class list from student  according to Professor Kevin Moriarty's form .

 

Our students are  all carefully on online class. 

 

But some questions need explain:

 

1. Ella hasn't get the offer , so she isn't formal student.

2. Shen hui has one class in this time,  but after the online class, he will study according to the class video. 

3. Bob used "guest" to log in the online class sometimes, he didn't konw the secret.


Also, I received some questions about the online class from students.

Question 1: The web isn't well, some students are usually breaked off. 

             Most unfortunately sometimes when the professor called the roll, one or two students are cutted off.

Question   2 : In the online class, the voice of professor are always pause  and  intermittently. 

                        Sometimes students listen the question, but didn't the name;  Sometimes students listen  the name, but didn't the question.

 

But our students were so carefully,  some students recorded the online class and  shared together. 

 

So, after the online class, all students watched the video again. Then, did their homework.



About the questions, could you give some advice or solve?


Thanks a lot.

Best Regards,

Rosey 


Dear all students,

Please log in to attend the online class, and submit your homework on time.

Please more carefully, then you can get the success in SBU.

It is important.

If you have any problem or question,  please email to Prof. Teng , IAA or us.  Thanks.


Teacher Huang





  
----- Original Message ----- 
  From: Michelle Hsu 
  To: huanglingdi 
  Cc: Tian-Lih Teng ; 闫高明 ; Lynn Huang ; jcliu 
  Sent: Wednesday, July 30, 2014 9:49 AM
  Subject: Re: one india engineer want to apply GOM


  Hi Rosey,


  I have heard from professors that this group of students are not serious with the hybrid/online courses.  They don't log in to attend the online discussion sessions and they don't submit their homework on time.  Jarrod also met with the same issues with these students' lack of respect for the class.  Please tell them that they would fail if they continue such irresponsible behaviors. 




  -- 

  Michelle Hsu

  Chief Executive Officer
  International Academic Alliance / Arch Education Foundation
  1032 Avenue of the Americas, 4th Floor
  New York, NY 10018
  (646) 366-8500 | www.iaaprograms.com

